We have reached the runtime configuration blocker.

The frontend build is already passing.

The backend now fails during startup because the Replit environment is missing the required environment variable:

JWT_SECRET

DO NOT modify application code to bypass or weaken this requirement.

DO NOT make JWT_SECRET optional.
DO NOT change app/core/config/settings.py.
DO NOT change authentication logic.
DO NOT change JWT implementation.
DO NOT change database configuration.

TASK:

1. Inspect the project's existing environment/configuration files and determine the expected environment variable names.

2. Confirm that the backend requires:
   JWT_SECRET

3. Check whether a local environment/example file such as:
   .env
   .env.example
   .env.template
   exists.

4. DO NOT display or print the value of any secret.

5. Configure the Replit development environment with a safe development value for JWT_SECRET if Replit's environment-variable/secrets mechanism is available.

IMPORTANT:
- Never commit secrets to Git.
- Never write JWT_SECRET into source code.
- Never put the secret into a tracked .env file.
- Do not expose the secret in your response.

6. Also verify the other required backend environment variables from the existing configuration, but DO NOT reveal their values.

7. Once the required environment configuration is available, start the backend again with the existing command:

uvicorn app.main:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000

8. If the backend starts successfully, DO NOT stop there.

Continue with runtime validation:

A. Verify the backend is reachable.

B. Inspect the project-root uploads directory.

C. If there are no image files, DO NOT invent one and DO NOT modify application code. Report that the uploads directory is empty.

D. Verify that FastAPI's /uploads static mount points to the same physical directory used by LocalStorage.

E. If an actual image exists, test:
   /uploads/<actual-file-name>

F. Test:
   /api/v1/products

G. Start the frontend with its existing command:
   npm run dev

H. Verify that the frontend can reach the backend using the existing environment configuration.

IMPORTANT:
Do not make application-code changes during this task unless startup reveals a genuine code error unrelated to missing environment configuration.

If the backend starts but another configuration error occurs:
STOP and report the exact missing configuration variable WITHOUT revealing its value.

If the backend starts and reaches the HTTP testing stage:
continue until the first genuine application/runtime failure.

FINAL REPORT:

1. Environment configuration status
2. Backend startup status
3. Backend URL
4. Upload directory status
5. Static /uploads test
6. Products API test
7. Frontend startup status
8. Frontend/backend connectivity
9. First genuine application failure, if any
10. Files changed

Do not expose secrets.
Do not commit secrets.
Do not modify authentication just to make the application start.