We have reached the next real backend startup blocker. Do NOT make broad changes or refactor the application.

CURRENT ERROR:

sqlalchemy.exc.InvalidRequestError:
The asyncio extension requires an async driver to be used.
The loaded 'psycopg2' is not async.

GOAL:

Fix ONLY the PostgreSQL driver/configuration mismatch so the existing FastAPI application can start correctly with SQLAlchemy's async engine.

IMPORTANT RULES:

1. First inspect:
   - app/core/database.py
   - app/core/config/settings.py
   - requirements.txt / pyproject.toml / any existing dependency files
   - the actual DATABASE_URL format currently available in the environment, BUT NEVER print or expose the password, secret, or full DATABASE_URL.

2. Determine exactly why the configured DATABASE_URL is resolving to psycopg2.

3. Do NOT replace the database architecture.
4. Do NOT convert the application from async SQLAlchemy to synchronous SQLAlchemy.
5. Do NOT rewrite database models.
6. Do NOT modify authentication.
7. Do NOT modify products, image handling, uploads, frontend, buyer dashboard, vendor dashboard, or AI analysis.
8. Do NOT create a new database.
9. Do NOT change the database schema or run migrations unless absolutely required for this driver issue.
10. Preserve the existing PostgreSQL database and all existing data.

Use the project's existing async SQLAlchemy architecture.

If asyncpg is already declared but the URL is using the wrong driver, make the smallest configuration correction necessary.

If asyncpg is missing, add/install the appropriate async PostgreSQL driver using the project's existing dependency-management convention. Do not unnecessarily change package versions.

After the minimal fix:

A. Start the backend using the existing application:
   uvicorn app.main:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000

B. Confirm that the backend actually starts.

C. Test a simple existing health/root endpoint if one exists.

D. Confirm SQLAlchemy can initialize the database connection.

E. Do NOT continue modifying unrelated code if another failure appears.

If another error appears after this fix, STOP and report the exact first new error instead of guessing or making unrelated changes.

Before changing anything, tell me:
- which file/configuration is causing psycopg2 to be selected,
- what the minimal fix will be,
- which files will be changed.

Then make the fix and run the backend validation.

At the end report:

1. Root cause
2. Files changed
3. Exact minimal correction
4. Whether asyncpg is being used
5. Whether the backend starts successfully
6. Backend URL/port
7. Health-check result
8. Any new blocker

Do NOT touch the image-display issue yet. We are fixing the backend startup blocker first so that we can perform the real end-to-end image test afterward.